WebGPU API docs (#24202)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/gpucanvascontext/configure/index.md

---
title: GPUCanvasContext.configure()
slug: Web/API/GPUCanvasContext/configure
page-type: web-api-instance-method
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.GPUCanvasContext.configure
---

{{APIRef("WebGPU API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`configure()`** method of the

> {{domxref("GPUCanvasContext")}} interface configures the context for this canvas, and clears the drawing buffer to transparent black.

Reviewer: Feels like this could use a little bit more detail.

```suggestion
{{domxref("GPUCanvasContext")}} interface configures the context for use with a given {{domxref("GPUDevice")}}. When called the canvas will initially be cleared to transparent black.
```

Author: Sounds great! Updated to your suggestion.

        - `premultiplied`: Color values are premultiplied by their alpha value. For example, 100% red at 50% alpha is [0.5, 0, 0, 0.5].
    - `colorSpace` {{optional_inline}}
      - : The color space that values written into textures returned by `getCurrentTexture()` should be displayed with. Possible values are `srgb` (the default) and `display-p3`.
    - `device`
      - : The {{domxref("GPUDevice")}} that the rendering information for the context will come from.
    - `format`
      - : The format that textures returned by `getCurrentTexture()` will have. This can be `bgra8unorm`, `rgba8unorm`, or `rgba16float`. The optimal canvas texture format for the current system can be returned by {{domxref("GPU.getPreferredCanvasFormat()")}}.
    - `usage` {{optional_inline}}
      - : The usage that textures returned by `getCurrentTexture()` will have. Possible values are:

        - `GPUTextureUsage.COPY_SRC`: The texture can be used as the source of a copy operation, for example the source argument of a {{domxref("GPUCommandEncoder.copyTextureToBuffer()")}} call.

>         - `GPUTextureUsage.COPY_DST`: The texture can be used as the source of a copy/write operation, for example the destination argument of a {{domxref("GPUCommandEncoder.copyTextureToTexture()")}} call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `GPUTextureUsage.COPY_DST`: The texture can be used as the destination of a copy/write operation, for example the destination argument of a {{domxref("GPUCommandEncoder.copyTextureToTexture()")}} call.
```

Author: updated

>         - `GPUTextureUsage.RENDER_ATTACHMENT`: The texture can be used as a color or depth/stencil attachment in a render pass. for example in a color attachment view in a {{domxref("GPUCommandEncoder.beginRenderPass()")}} call. This is the default, but note that it is not automatically included if a different value is explicitly set.

Author: Updated.
